1. Don't Wait For Tomorrow
Gravity is not responsible for people to fall in love. It just happens.
And when it does happen, don't wait for the right time to express,
because right time is when your heart beats faster.
If you love someone, don't wait for tomorrow, or for the other person to make the move.
Agreed tomorrow never dies', but also remember… 'Tomorrow never comes, so live in today.

2. Each Day Is Too Short
Each day is too short for -
All the thoughts we want to think,
All the walks we want to take,
All the books we want to read,
And all the friends we want to see.
Make the best out of this day.

3. Become A Lake
The pain of life is pure salt; no more, no less.
The amount of pain in life remains the same, exactly the same.
But the amount we taste the 'pain' depends on the container we put it into.
So when you are in pain, the only thing you can do is to enlarge your sense of things…
Stop being a Glass. Become a Lake!

4. Time doesn't wait.
If you think you might have found the right one,
treasure the person, don't let that person get away.
Don't let fear hold you back. Give it a try else you might regret later...
No one other than ourselves know what can truly make us happy.

5. Finish Each Day
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could.
Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; Forget them as soon as you can.
Tomorrow is a new day; Begin it well and serenely,
And with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.

6. Before You
Before you Speak... Listen
Before you Write... Think
Before you Spend... Earn
Before you Criticise... Wait
Before you Pray... Forgive
Before you Quit... Try

7. Secret Of Being Happy
A happy man is happy not because everything is right in his life;
He is happy because he does all things in his life right.


8. You Live Only Once
Make the best of life's moments...
What really matters at the end of the day is if you've made the best use of time,
and done everything that you needed to do.
Don't sit just there waiting, You only live once!

9. Act of Caring
Too often we underestimate:
The power of a touch,
A smile,
A kind word,
A listening ear,
An honest compliment,
Or the smallest act of caring.
All of which has the potential to turn a life around

10. Enjoy What You Have
Success is not defined by obtaining everything you want,
but by enjoying and appreciating everything you want.
Learn to enjoy what you have.

11. Always Follow Your Heart
Your time is limited. So don't waste it living someone else's life.
Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your inner voice.
Follow you heart. Always.

12. A Friend Is Someone
A friend is someone who...
Is concerned with everything you do. Is concerned with everything you think.
Calls upon during good time. Calls upon during bad time.
Understands whatever you think. Understands whatever you do.
Tells you the truth about yourself. Knows what you are going through all time.
Refuses to listen the gossip about you. Supports you all the time.
Does not compete with you. Genuinely happy for you when things go well.

13. Life Is Not Perfect 
Go ahead with life as it is, with the bumps and pitfalls. However it is, give your best to every moment.
Don't spend your time waiting for the perfect situation, something which is not very likely to come.
Life is not perfect; the way you live can make it perfectly wonderful.

14. Life Is Wonderful
Face your past without regret.
Handle your present with confidence.
Prepare for the future without fear.
Keep faith and drop the fear.
Don't believe your doubts and never doubt your beliefs. 
Life is wonderful if you know how to live it.


